IBX-371 - add a warning (#1383)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/data_migration.md

    You can also manage data migrations with the PHP API, see [Managing migrations](../api/public_php_api_managing_migrations.md).

!!! caution "Do not enable EzMigrationBundle2"

    If you are migrating your data either with [`kaliop-uk/ezmigrationbundle`](https://github.com/kaliop-uk/ezmigrationbundle) or [`ezsystems/ezmigrationbundle`](https://github.com/ezsystems/EzMigrationBundle), do not install the [`tanoconsulting/ezmigrationbundle2`](https://github.com/tanoconsulting/ezmigrationbundle2) package, or your application will stop working due to multiple duplicated classes.
    

>     As of [[= product_name =]] in version 3.3.3, the `ezmigrationbundle` package has been removed to mitigate this issue. Nevertheless, it is recommended that you use the default `ibexa/migrations` package to migrate your data.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As of v3.3.3, the `ezmigrationbundle` package has been removed to mitigate this issue. 
    It is recommended that you use the default `ibexa/migrations` package to migrate your data.    
```

If you do not specify the output folder, the command overwrites the input files.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
?
